Remote File Inclusion
(RFI)
Remote file inclusion vulnerabilities
are less common than LFIs
since the server must be configured
in a very specific way,
but they are usually easier to exploit.
For example,
PHP apps must be configured with
allow_url_include set to “On”.
Older versions of PHP
set this on by default
but newer versions default to “Off”.
If we can force a web application
to load a remote file
and execute the code,
we have more flexibility in
creating the exploit payload.
Let’s start a netcat listener and look at
an example of an RFI vulnerability.
The LFI vulnerability
previously demonstrated
is also vulnerable to RFI.
Consider the following.
This request will force
the PHP webserver
to try to include a remote file
from our Kali attack machine.
We can verify this by checking
our netcat listener.
The output reveals that
when the URL was submitted,
the Windows 10 machine did
indeed reach out to our Kali machine
in an attempt to retrieve
the evil.txt file.
Had the file been retrieved,
it would have further attempted
to include and execute the contents.
Although this is a simple example,
the URL is valid and
the process is working,
essentially allowing us to load
and execute any file hosted
on a remote web server.
To see this in action,
we can set up our Apache server
to host a malicious evil.txt file
with the same PHP command shell
we used in our log poisoning attack.
With our file in place,
we will start our Apache web server.
Once the file is in place and
our web server is running,
we can send our RFI attack URL
to the vulnerable web application
on the Windows 10 machine
and see if our code executes.
Excellent.
The exploit is working.
Our code was included from a remote
server and successfully executed.
This is a very simple webshell.
A webshell is a small piece of software
that provides a web-based
command line interface,
making it easier and more
convenient to execute commands.
There are many types of webshells
and Kali includes several
written in many common
web application programming languages.
As always,
review the contents of these
files before using them.
Based on the success
of these simple examples,
we can use Apache
(or another HTTP server)
to host these shells for RFIs,
expanding our capabilities.
Now that we can
execute code on the server,
it should be a simple matter
to go from code execution
to a shell with the help of the
webshells included with Kali Linux.